Add profile for Cross-Certified Subordinate CA Certificates (#344)
letsencrypt/cp-cps: CP-CPS.md

## 7.1 Certificate profile

> All ISRG Certificates comply with one of the following Certificate Profiles, which are derived from the profiles with the same names found in Section 7.1.2 of the Baseline Requirements. Fields and extensions not specifically mentioned are as specified in RFC 5280 and the Baseline Requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ISRG Certificates adhere to one of the following Certificate Profiles, which are derived from the profiles with the same names found in Section 7.1.2 of the Baseline Requirements. Fields and extensions not specifically mentioned are as specified in RFC 5280 and the Baseline Requirements.
```

Reviewer: nit: Being in the CPS portion of our CP/CPS, these profiles aren't "complied" with, they're adhered to.

Author: Good point; I used "comply with" because that's the language the BRs use, but you're absolutely right about the CP vs CPS difference here.

| Subject Public Key             | See Sections 6.1.5, 6.1.6, and 7.1.3.1                                  |
| Key Usage                      | keyCertSign, cRLSign (critical)                                         |

> ### Cross-Certified Subordinate CA Certificate Profile

Reviewer 2: This section doesn't specify AKID or SKID, which are MUST in the BRs: https://cabforum.org/working-groups/server/baseline-requirements/requirements/#71223-cross-certified-subordinate-ca-extensions. Am I correct in assuming we omit them because they're adequately specified in the BRs? The BRs also specify `version` and `signature`, which we omit in all our CP-CPS profiles. But on the other hand, our specification of `Serial Number` is just a partial restatement of what's in the BRs.

Author: Absolutely agreed that the set of things we choose to talk about here is not logical. But I don't want to upend that in this PR; we'll save that for the much bigger CP/CPS changes that happen as part of our remediation items and in preparation for compliance with updated Apple and Mozilla policies regarding CPS content.

| Field or extension             | Value                                                                         |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Serial Number                  | Unique, with 64 bits of output from a CSPRNG                                  |
| Issuer Distinguished Name      | Derived from Issuer certificate                                               |

> | Subject Distinguished Name     | Identical to the existing CA certificate                                      |
> | Validity Period                | Up to 8 years                                                                 |
> | Basic Constraints              | Identical to the existing CA certificate                                      |
> | Key Usage                      | Identical to the existing CA certificate                                      |
> | Extended Key Usage             | TLS Server Authentication and optionally TLS Client Authentication            |
> | Certificate Policies           | CAB Forum Domain Validated (2.23.140.1.2.1)                                   |
> | Authority Information Access   | Contains CA Issuers URL and optionally an OCSP URL; URLs vary based on Issuer |
> | Subject Public Key             | Identical to the existing CA certificate                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Subject Distinguished Name     | Identical to the existing subordinate CA certificate                                      |
| Validity Period                | Up to 8 years                                                                 |
| Basic Constraints              | Identical to the existing subordinate CA certificate                                      |
| Key Usage                      | Identical to the existing subordinate CA certificate                                      |
| Extended Key Usage             | TLS Server Authentication and optionally TLS Client Authentication            |
| Certificate Policies           | CAB Forum Domain Validated (2.23.140.1.2.1)                                   |
| Authority Information Access   | Contains CA Issuers URL and optionally an OCSP URL; URLs vary based on Issuer |
| Subject Public Key             | Identical to the existing subordinate CA certificate                                      |
```

nit: For the sake of clarity, I think it'd be good to explicitly say "existing _subordinate_ CA certificate"

Author: It's not an "existing subordinate CA certificate" if the thing we're cross-signing is a self-signed Root CA Certificate.
